Corrected Grammer Mistakes (#1245)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: templates/how-to.md

### Introduction

> This is an introduction to this how-to guide. It should be limited to a few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this section to provide an introduction to the how-to guide and provide the user with context for the guide. It should be limited to a few succinct sentences and provide a clear end-goal or outline of what the user will accomplish by following the guide
```

succinct sentences that introduce what the user will be learning to do. A
The how-to guide should provide an end-goal or something that the user will accomplish by following the steps. 

### Prerequisites

- A bulleted list of everything a user needs to complete the How-to guide

> - Maybe broken into multiple sections for additional clarity

Reviewer: The original usage is correct, https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/grammar/british-grammar/maybe-or-may-be
